feat!: change project name to `zwave-js-ui` (#2650)
zwave-js/zwave-js-ui: docs/getting-started/other-methods.md

> [!TIP]
> You will likely need to instead use this as a base, and then layer on top patches or resource customizations to suit your needs. Alternatively, copy all of the resources from the [kubernetes resources](https://github.com/zwave-js/zwave-js-ui/tree/master/kubernetes) directory of this repository.

## Snap package

Make sure you have a [Snapd installed](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd). It's shipped with most Ubuntu flavors and some other distributions.

```bash
sudo snap install zwave-js-ui
```

And give the package access to use USB devices and observe hardware. The second one is needed for the program to list available devices in the UI.

```bash
sudo snap connect zwave-js-ui:raw-usb
sudo snap connect zwave-js-ui:hardware-observe
```

> [!NOTE]
> See `zwave-js-ui.help` for usage and environment settings.
>
> Raspberry Pi users running Raspbian/Debian, read [this thread](https://github.com/zwave-js/zwave-js-ui/discussions/1216#discussion-3364776). Please ask Raspbian/Debian related-questions in this thread.

## NodeJS or PKG version

> The most complex way to run zwave-js-ui is on bare metal. To do so, you can use the packaged version (you don't need NodeJS/yarn installed) or clone this repository and build the project:

Author: ```suggestion
The most complex way to run Z-Wave JS UI is on bare metal. To do so, you can use the packaged version (you don't need NodeJS/yarn installed) or clone this repository and build the project:
```
